So where were we? Good question.
ahhh...
How many characters do you have seizures?
Oh, yeah, no, I am too. I haven't willed on a single game. I'm broke.
I knew he was trying to get me to pay for the skin.
Do you pay for skins?
Have this three amber and bonus skill
I'm so hap happy that I somehow have staph coma and C1 hooked out.
The first five star muffin.
ahw
Oh yeah.
Do you ever roll on the weapon banners?
Wait for who's weapon?
Oh the Jade Sphere
What the hell?
ah
I .....
***I'm just gotta pulls you to
Oh yeah, you guys have been like really good at like all of those genres.
I'm just glad I pulled ah C1 Putao and Staff of Home across different banners.
But C1 is just that you can cancel this the...
The charge attack so you don't need to wait for the full animation
So then it's like faster cycling and you can get more taxed out.
You do not understand, do you understand what I'm saying?.
Okay.
yeah
Huh? No, it's there, it's stand, there's no like
and where you're waiting for the animation to finish. Look it just, you can, or no.
Instead of having to sprint to cancel, you can just jump to cancel.
Like sprinting uses up stamina, so the, so the stamina goes up twice as fast
So...
So instead he can just jump, and it's basically zero sound, no?
Wait, from mom? From Mondstadt?
As far as my style?
ahhh
I'm drawing blanks on half the characters because I didn't...like
Kai's ice bridge is funny. I don't
Okay... okay...
Okay, but which one can you but which one were people using for like
Six hours straight to get tickets to Zuma before they had to ship.
Huh huh, Storms head. No, they're like basically a dentist's offices. No,
Huh. They are and then they aren't getting through, it was sweet
They could have just cut them off like thorm like 10 minutes in the way would
Our own ***
Yeah, Like you can't just like, you can't just like set up a macro file there, because sometimes it'll just get shifted around.
Oh, thank the Lord. It's like
um
Wait, who's your favorite character from each region?
Ahh?
Wait, who? Ohh..
New space.
Oh wait they made a new costume for him?
No
Oh well. So like literally changes everything it's not just aesthetic
While they get rolling out to like all the old five stars. It was just beautiful.
Wait, who? Business deal, Okay.
Jean, Mona.
ahan